#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   starlette
attrs==23.1.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via bs4
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via pinecone-client
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.0.349
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.1
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.0.13
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.69
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.2
    # via pinecone-client
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pinecone-client
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
pinecone-client==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via pydantic
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pinecone-client
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   pinecone-client
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pinecone-client
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pinecone-client
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
