#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements_2.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via langchain
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   starlette
attrs==23.1.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via bs4
bs4==0.0.1
    # via -r requirements_2.in
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via nltk
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via langchain
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via pinecone-client
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via -r requirements_2.in
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.0.2
    # via sqlalchemy
huggingface-hub==0.19.4
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.0.348
    # via -r requirements_2.in
langchain-core==0.0.12
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.0.69
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
loguru==0.7.2
    # via pinecone-client
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via sentence-transformers
numpy==1.26.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   pinecone-client
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pillow==10.1.0
    # via torchvision
pinecone-client==2.2.4
    # via -r requirements_2.in
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_2.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via pydantic
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via pinecone-client
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   pinecone-client
    #   transformers
regex==2023.10.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_2.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   pinecone-client
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.4.1
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements_2.in
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via sentence-transformers
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via langchain
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.15.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.1.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.16.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_2.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   pinecone-client
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.36.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements_2.in
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
